Implements Blockwise lora (#7352)
huggingface/diffusers: docs/source/en/using-diffusers/loading_adapters.md

For more granular control on the amount of LoRA weights used per layer, you can use [`~loaders.LoraLoaderMixin.set_adapters`] and pass a dictionary specifying how much to scale the weights in each layer by.
```python
pipe = ... # create pipeline
pipe.load_lora_weights(..., adapter_name="my_adapter") 
scales = {
    "text_encoder": 0.5,
    "text_encoder_2": 0.5,  # only usable if pipe has a 2nd text encoder
    "unet": {
        "down": 0.9,  # all transformers in the down-part will use scale 0.9
        # "mid"  # in this example "mid" is not given, therefore all transformers in the mid part will use the default scale 1.0
        "up": {
            "block_0": 0.6,  # all 3 transformers in the 0th block in the up-part will use scale 0.6
            "block_1": [0.4, 0.8, 1.0],  # the 3 transformers in the 1st block in the up-part will use scales 0.4, 0.8 and 1.0 respectively
        }
    }
}

> pipe.set_adapters("my_adapter", scales)

Reviewer: How would this pan out for multiple adapters?

> pipe.set_adapters("my_adapter", scales)

Reviewer: How would this pan out for multiple adapters?

Author: `pipe.set_adapters(["my_adapter_1", "my_adapter_2"], [scales_1, scales_2])`

will add a remark.

    <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/diffusers/load_attn_proc.png" />
</div>

To unload the LoRA weights, use the [`~loaders.LoraLoaderMixin.unload_lora_weights`] method to discard the LoRA weights and restore the model to its original weights:

```py
pipeline.unload_lora_weights()
```

> ### Adjust LoRA weight scale

Reviewer: @stevhliu looks good to you as far as the doc-related changes are concerned?

Reviewer 2: Yeah docs look good on my end! 👍

For more granular control on the amount of LoRA weights used per layer, you can use [`~loaders.LoraLoaderMixin.set_adapters`] and pass a dictionary specifying by how much to scale the weights in each layer by.
```python
pipe = ... # create pipeline
pipe.load_lora_weights(..., adapter_name="my_adapter") 
scales = {
    "text_encoder": 0.5,
    "text_encoder_2": 0.5,  # only usable if pipe has a 2nd text encoder
    "unet": {
        "down": 0.9,  # all transformers in the down-part will use scale 0.9
        # "mid"  # in this example "mid" is not given, therefore all transformers in the mid part will use the default scale 1.0
        "up": {
            "block_0": 0.6,  # all 3 transformers in the 0th block in the up-part will use scale 0.6
            "block_1": [0.4, 0.8, 1.0],  # the 3 transformers in the 1st block in the up-part will use scales 0.4, 0.8 and 1.0 respectively
        }
    }
}
pipe.set_adapters("my_adapter", scales)
```

This also works with multiple adapters:
```python
pipe = ... # create pipeline
pipe.load_lora_weights(..., adapter_name="my_adapter_1") 
pipe.load_lora_weights(..., adapter_name="my_adapter_2") 
scales_1 = { ... }
scales_2 = { ... }

> pipe.set_adapters(["my_adapter_1", "my_adapter_2"], [scales_1, scales_2])

Author: We have a unit test for that in `test_simple_inference_with_text_unet_multi_adapter_block_lora`

I've expanded it to test an error is raised for mismatching element lengths:
```py
# a mismatching number of adapter_names and adapter_weights should raise an error
with self.assertRaises(ValueError):
    pipe.set_adapters(["adapter-1", "adapter-2"], [scales_1])
```

For both [`~loaders.LoraLoaderMixin.load_lora_weights`] and [`~loaders.UNet2DConditionLoadersMixin.load_attn_procs`], you can pass the `cross_attention_kwargs={"scale": 0.5}` parameter to adjust how much of the LoRA weights to use. A value of `0` is the same as only using the base model weights, and a value of `1` is equivalent to using the fully finetuned LoRA.

> For fine-grained control on how much of the LoRA weights are used, use [`~loaders.LoraLoaderMixin.set_adapters`]. Here, you can define scale of any granularity up to per-transformer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more granular control over the amount of LoRA weights used per layer, you can use `scales` to define a dictionary specifying how much to scale the weights in each layer by.
```

Author: The example had an error. You use `pipe.set_adapters` (not `pipe.load_lora_weights`) to pass the `scales` dictionary.

Is this okay:
> For more granular control on the amount of LoRA weights used per layer, you can use [`~loaders.LoraLoaderMixin.set_adapters`] and pass a `scales` dictionary specifying how much to scale the weights in each layer by.

?

Author: My example had an error. You use `pipe.set_adapters` (not `pipe.load_lora_weights`) to pass the dictionary, and the dictionary param is called `adapter_weights`.

This is unfortunately a bit confusing, because `weights` also means the actual lora weights, and also the scale weights. But the naming was already here before this PR.

Does this work for you:

> For more granular control on the amount of LoRA weights used per layer, you can use [`~loaders.LoraLoaderMixin.set_adapters`] and pass a dictionary specifying how much to scale the weights in each layer by.

?

Reviewer 2: Yeah that'll work, thanks for clarifying :)

```python
pipe = ... # create pipeline
pipe.load_lora_weights(..., adapter_name="my_adapter") 
scales = {
    "text_encoder": 0.5,
    "text_encoder_2": 0.5,  # only usable if pipe has a 2nd text encoder
    "down": 0.9,  # all transformers in the down-part will use scale 0.9
    # "mid"  # because "mid" is not given, all transformers in the mid part will use the default scale 1.0
    "up": {
        "block_0": 0.6,  # all 3 transformers in the 0th block in the up-part will use scale 0.6
        "block_1": [0.4, 0.8, 1.0],  # the 3 transformers in the 1st block in the up-part will use scales 0.4, 0.8 and 1.0 respectively
    }

> }

Reviewer: I think it's better to allow something like:

```python
scales = {
    "text_encoder": 0.5,
    "text_encoder_2": 0.5,  # only usable if pipe has a 2nd text encoder
    "unet": {
        "down": 0.9,  # all transformers in the down-part will use scale 0.9
        # "mid"  # because "mid" is not given, all transformers in the mid part will use the default scale 1.0
        "up": {
            "block_0": 0.6,  # all 3 transformers in the 0th block in the up-part will use scale 0.6
            "block_1": [0.4, 0.8, 1.0],  # the 3 transformers in the 1st block in the up-part will use scales 0.4, 0.8 and 1.0 respectively
        }
    }
}
```

I don't understand why there is a restriction on `mid` when imposing the `scale`. Could you elaborate? 

Also, what if I wanted to specify the scale for the conv layers too.

pipe.load_lora_weights("my_adapter", scales)

> ```

Reviewer 2: Since this is more substantial now, I think it'd be better to create a new subsection. Something like:

```md
### Adjust LoRA weight scale

For both load_lora_weights() and load_attn_procs()...

new content about using `scales`
```
